AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just 'cause they say
The night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage
To hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold
Your breath? ♪
♪ Just 'cause they say it's tough now ♪
♪ Don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run away
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
WHEW, I'M BEAT
[reporter on TV]
This is the collapsed Hattori Building,
across from Grant Pharmaceuticals
headquarters.
The Hattori Building
was only recently opened,
and considered a new landmark.
And this is the current state
of the Grant Pharmaceuticals building,
which has been crushed underneath it.
[chief] The circumstances have changed
a bit,
but we're going along
with the original plan to subdue him.
Now, spread out.
[Sato] Special fiber body armor,
and helmets.
If it's not extremely close range,
a round won't pierce it.
Excellent.
Now, this is what I call a proper war.
Oh, man.
The whole country
might actually watch this.
[reporter on TV] What you are seeing now
is the view of the devastation
from our chopper overhead.
While there has been no confirmation
from authorities,
it strongly appears to be the work
of the man calling himself Sato.
[Horiguchi] This company
simply has no luck, you know.
[Tomizawa] That's true.
They'll most certainly go bankrupt
after this.
[Horiguchi] It was their fault
for messing with those Ajins.
Those people are like wild animals.
[door opens]
[Tomizawa] Oh, Mr. Kita.
[Horiguchi]
What's with that look on your face?
Is this about
Mrs. Yamanaka's grandson again?
I've told you over and over,
we can trust that kid.
[grunting]
[reporter]
Okay, uh...
We're getting some new information.
The man calling himself Sato
is streaming a video on the Internet.
"Ajin.net"?
"Live streaming"?
It appears to be a live feed
from the scene.
[panting]
Wha--? What is it?
You didn't have a friend in that company,
did you?
[Kita] Who cares about the people?
-It's my money!
-Huh?
A good company, with a steady return.
That's what they told me!
Mr. Kita, calm down a--
Oh, shut up!
[grunts]
My entire pension...
I put everything I had
into Grant Pharmaceuticals.
Damn it!
[grunting]
Hold on.
[both sigh]
How do you intend to take this guy out?
Won't this just be a repeat
of what happened at the lab?
[Tosaki] We won't use tranquilizer guns.
As is the case with the Anti-Ajin Unit,
technically,
we can't use them in plain sight.
[Kouma sighs]
Even more so
if it's going to be broadcast.
So, who cares?
People use tranquilizer guns
when dangerous animals get away.
In those cases,
they call in vets or other licensed users.
The same rules apply when hunting Ajins.
[Tosaki] And also...
this situation is quite a bit different
from what happened back at the lab.
Like the flood phenomenon.
And the Shinya Nakamura incident.
[Ogura] It seems to me that you believe
that killing the Ajin
was the actual trigger for this incident.
But that's a rather... large mistake
on your part.
We call this phenomenon a flood.
It's a phenomenon
that happens extremely rarely,
when emotions occur at regeneration.
Now that we know that the phenomenon
is not caused by killing the Ajins,
there's just one thing we should do.
Hmm. So, after all the fuss you made
over him, you'll just kill him anyway.
[Tosaki] Kill him?
Not quite.
We're going to keep killing him.
-Do it.
-[gunshot]
What's that? [grunts]
All teams advance!
-I see you've changed your strategy, To--
-[gunshot]
[chief] Team 2, reload. Team 3, take over.
Team 3, fire.
Keep shooting him every three seconds.
Do not give him a chance to recover.
[gunfire]
[reporter on TV]
Gunshots.
We've been hearing continuous gunfire
from the disaster site.
It may be the criminals responsible
for destroying the building.
Visibility is limited,
but a large number of police
appear to be engaging the suspect.
[reporter gasps]
It appears the police
are continuously shooting the suspect.
Is this a new strategy against the Ajin?
The police squad surrounding the suspect
is continuing to fire.
Well... I wonder if this plan of yours
will work, Four-Eyes.
[grunting]
[reporter on TV]
The suspect is down.
There is no sign of the gunfire stopping.
-The suspect is unable to resist.
-Excellent. Keep going.
[reporter on TV] The police appear
to be in complete control.
Is this man the Ajin Sato?
Don't let your guard down.
He'll get you.
Stretcher!
Okay, put him on it.
Hurry it up!
[man 1] Target restrained.
[man 2] Out of the way.
Keep killing him
as we carry him to the vehicle.
[gunfire continues]
So, he's unable to-- To move.
Is it really this easy?
Of course it is.
We've got 20 SAT members.
They're not just security guards
this time.
Actually... he underestimated us humans.
[gunfire on TV]
If he can't die...
then we won't give him the chance to live.
[gunfire]
[man 1] Just a little further.
We're almost to the vehicle.
[chief] Team 4, reload.
Team 1, take over. Fire.
[gunshot]
[man 2] Does anyone have eyes
on the target?
Where is it?
[man 3] There are others.
We've got snipers.
[Gen] Two millimeters to the right.
[Takahashi] Okay.
[chief] Defense team! Shields!
[grunting]
Gen! Takahashi!
[Takahashi] Yeah, we know.
[grunting]
[chief] Do not let this guy revive.
Do something about the sniper.
You got the handcuffs off.
Now all we gotta do
is just give him a chance to revive--
[gunshot]
Huh?
[spotter 1] This is Sniper Team 1.
Target confirmed as an Ajin.
On the roof of the building
at your ten o'clock.
[spotter 2] Sniper Team 2. Target sighted.
[spotter 3] Sniper Team 3. Target sighted.
[chief over radio] All right,
just keep killing him.
[gunfire]
Enemy sniper neutralized.
Okay, resume transport.
Hurry. Just a bit farther.
[sniper]
What about the other one?
[spotter] Don't shoot. He's surrendering.
We've got SAT snipers in three locations.
On roof to the south
as well as to the north.
And on the top floor
of the Mizuno Building.
Roger that.
[glass breaking]
Sniper Team 1 here. We're under fire.
There must be another sniper.
[gasps]
Wait, that's...
[gasps] They really exist?
Oh!
[grunting]
[chief] Sniper Team 1? What happened?
[spotter] Team 1's been taken out.
[sniper] It's an IBM. Get ready.
Damn it.
Where is it?
I can see it. It's coming!
[gunshot]
[grunts]
[growls]
[gasping]
[grunting]
It stopped. It stopped!
But why?
Huh. You're late... and you missed.
I can't use this guy for a while.
Still one more.
Hmm. Guess I'll run.
Open the doors! Quick!
Hurry and wake up, huh?
If we don't back him up,
there gonna take him away.
[grunting]
Team 1 and Team 2 down.
At this rate, we can't keep killing him.
We should retreat.
Not yet.
I'll take out the enemy's rifle.
Hit the guys with the stretcher.
That way he'll have another chance
to revive.
Okay.
I'll knock down the guy in the front.
The wind has died down. Go for it.
Roger.
[gunshot]
[chief] You fool! What are you doing?
-[grunts]
-I got it.
[gasps] What's that?
[Okuyama] You should use both hands
to keep it steady, Tanaka.
[sighs] Okay, whatever.
BOTH:
Huh?
[grunting]
[panting]
[chuckling]
[grunting]
It's no good. It's broken.
How's Sato doing?
I'm trying to find him.
[man 1] You're in the way. Move.
-Good morning.
[man 1] Ugh.
Go to hell!
Damn it! No good.
[gasps]
The bullets!
Huh? What the--?
[man 1] What is that?
[man 2] What?
Good try.
You were almost there.
[Gen] Awesome!
[laughing] Yeah! Go, Sato!
Look at this guy. He's not human.
He's a monster, for sure.
Now, settle down.
Don't shoot!
[Sato] Too late.
[grunts]
[man] Don't shoot!
[gunfire]
[gasps]
Whew.
I'm beat.
[cameraman] There! It's Sato!
[reporter] Follow him!
It's times like this I hate the press.
[helicopter crashes]
[explosion]
[grunting]
[reporter on TV] A-- A news helicopter
has crashed.
It may have been hit by stray gunfire.
It's burning
right in the middle of the street.
[gasps]
[Kouma] What's the status of the SAT unit?
Where has Sato gone?
It's no good.
The local security cameras
have been hacked.
The SAT unit must have been wiped out.
[gasping]
No good, huh?
I'd say we got played.
[snickers]
Game, set and match.
[Yamanaka] Kei!
Could you give me a hand here?
[reporter on TV] The search
for survivors at the site of the tragedy
is still under way.
There have been many casualties
at the hands of the Ajin Sato,
but Grant Pharmaceuticals
is also being questioned
about its negligent response
to the terrorist threats,
and its future as a company
is in danger.
[sighs] My retirement.
My life.
What'll I do?
[reporter] We've received information
that police may offer a reward
in response to this latest incident.
There are rumors
of a 100-million-yen reward
-for captured Ajins.
-Huh? Did he say...?
[reporter] Here is a list of all the Ajins
not currently in government custody.
[gasps]
Mrs. Yamanaka from the village.
I'm actually her grandson.
I'm staying with her.
That brat.
[theme playing]
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪